Macau's casino King opened his new
palatial property the Grand Lisboa this
week with a show to top anything yet
seen in Asia's new premier entertainment
destination the first phase of this
distinctive and iconic landmark building
was officially opened with a dance and
acrobatic performance centered on the
world's biggest led done
the new casino has five gaming floors
with over 240 tables and 480 slot
machines and features several
international restaurants
for us the quality of food it's very
important maryland initially the moment
is astonishment and we have also another
one in Rome as back out comes of age as
Morimoto is come there is a need for
fine dining and I'm trying to bring it
the spectacular gaming halls are the
biggest and most opulent yet of any of
Stanley hoes 18 casinos in the count
obviously is a new product it's built to
match the aspirations of the Chinese
player consumers becoming increasingly o
bein and sophisticated and demanding in
terms of quality and entertainment and I
think the new product it satisfies all
those ambitions mikal's chief executive
along with representatives from China's
central government VIP guests and a huge
crowd of onlookers were dazzled by the
opening show we were very pressed it
opening it's fantastic the lights are
unbelievable to all this fall in the new
lease for a very very different is very
grand Macau is excellent so fantastic
say hose new flagship property not in
raised sjm to new heights in the gaming
and density
see it will also stand as his crowning
statement as a beacon for visitors to
Macau
I